Sumo Logic Limits document (#5348)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/get-started/sumologic-limits.md

---

> id: sumologic-limits
> title: Sumo Logic Limits
> sidebar_label: Sumo Logic Limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: sumo-logic-limits
title: Sumo Logic Limits and Quotas Reference
```

> description: Learn about the limitation of Sumo Logic objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A comprehensive reference of quotas, limitations, and maximum values across Sumo Logic services.
```

---

> This documents list all the maximum permissible limits for different Sumo Lpgic objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article lists maximum permissible limits for different Sumo Logic objects.
```

> This documents list all the maximum permissible limits for different Sumo Lpgic objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the maximum limits and quotas for various features, services, and components within Sumo Logic.
```

## Alerts and Monitors

### Log monitors

> - **Enterprise and Trial plan customers**. Up to 1,000 log monitors.
> - **Essentials and Professional plan customers**. Up to 300 log monitors.
> - **Free Trial customers**. Up to 50 log monitors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Enterprise and Trial plan customers**. [Up to 1,000 log monitors.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#log-monitors)
- **Essentials and Professional plan customers**. [Up to 300 log monitors.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#log-monitors)
- **Free Trial customers**. [Up to 50 log monitors.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#log-monitors)
```

> - **Log Monitor Query Length**. Up to 15,000 characters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Log Monitor Query Length**. [Up to 15,000 characters.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#general)
```

- **Execution Delay**. 2 minutes (to account for ingestion delays).

### Metric monitors

- **Enterprise and Trial plan customers**. Up to 1,500 metric monitors.
- **Essentials and Professional plan customers**. Up to 500 metric monitors.
- **Free Trial customers**. Up to 50 metric monitors.

> - **Aggregate Metric Monitor**. Can evaluate up to 15,000 time series.
> - **Non-aggregate Metric Monitor**. Can evaluate up to 3,000 time series.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Aggregate Metric Monitor**. [Can evaluate up to 15,000 time series.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#general)
- **Non-aggregate Metric Monitor**. [Can evaluate up to 3,000 time series.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#general)
```

> - **Execution Delay**. 1 minute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Execution Delay**. [1 minute.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#metrics-monitors)
```

- **Metric Monitor Query**. Up to 6 queries.

### General monitor limits

> - **Maximum number of monitors (active and inactive)**. Up to 5,000 (can be increased by contacting support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Maximum number of monitors (active and inactive)**. [Up to 5,000 (can be increased by contacting support).](/docs/alerts/monitors/monitor-faq/#is-there-a-limit-to-the-number-of-monitors-i-can-have)
```

> - **Email notifications**. Up to 100 recipients.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Email notifications**. [Up to 100 recipients.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#general)
```

### Notification grouping

> - Log monitors always group notifications.
> - Metric monitors can group notifications, resolving when all time series return to normal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Log monitors always group notifications.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#alerts)
- [Metric monitors can group notifications, resolving when all time series return to normal.](/docs/alerts/monitors/overview/#alerts)
```

### Unsupported features in monitors

- [Receipt Time](/docs/search/get-started-with-search/build-search/use-receipt-time) is not supported.
- [LogReduce](/docs/search/behavior-insights/logreduce/logreduce-operator) and [LogCompare](/docs/search/behavior-insights/logcompare) operators are not supported.

> - Monitors only support the Continuous data tier.

Reviewer: Is Flex supported?

Author: Thanks for cacthing this Yes, Flex is supported here.

- **Related Alerts and Monitor History**. Shows the top 250 alerts.
- **Alert Visualization**. Only shown for alerts less than 30 days old.
- **Alert List**. Displays up to 1,000 alerts triggered within the past 30 days.

### Scheduled searches

- A maximum of 6,000 Scheduled Searches are allowed per account.
- The timeout for a Scheduled Search is equivalent to 1/3rd of the search's time range, with a minimum timeout of 3 minutes and a maximum timeout of 120 minutes.
- A maximum of 120 emails can be sent per day per Scheduled Search.
- No more than 512 records returned by a Scheduled Search run are used for webhook connections.
- Scheduled Searches are limited to extracting 100 unique rows of data each time they trigger.
- Scheduled Searches *cannot* be used on the Infrequent Tier.

## Collectors and Sources

- Maximum number of collector per organization is 10,000.
- A single installed collector can handle up to 15,000 events per second.
- Log messages greater than 64KB are truncated.
- A collector or sources can have up to 10 fields.
- A collector can have up to 1,000 sources.
- Multiline logs are limited to 2000 lines or 512KB.
- Maximum of 100 processing rules per source.

> - The number of Cloud-to-Cloud Sources is limited to 20 for free accounts, and 50 for all other accounts.
> - You are warned when you reach 80% of the limit (16 Sources for free accounts, and 40 Sources for other accounts).

Reviewer: Free accounts are about to deprecated

```suggestion
- Up to 50 Cloud-to-Cloud Sources.
- Up to 40 Sources (you'll receive a warning when you reach 80% of the limit).
```

> - You are warned when you reach 80% of the limit (16 Sources for free accounts, and 40 Sources for other accounts).

Reviewer: Does this pertain to Cloud-to-Cloud sources or non-Cloud-to-Cloud sources?

Author: This is for Cloud to Cloud!. Updated the line accordingly.

## Log Search

- Search queries are limited to 15,000 characters for search queries.
- Only the first 100,000 messages will be included in your search results. If your time range includes more than 100,000 messages, your source message may not be highlighted in the returned results.
- Surrounding messages are limited to the first 100,000 messages. If your time range includes more than 100,000 messages, your source message may not be included in your returned results.
- The maximum value for the limit parameter in the Search Job API is 10,000 records.

### Subquery limits

- Maximum of 10,000 unique results (rows) from the child query.
- Limited to 100MB of memory to return those results.
- Subqueries are not supported in:
    - Auto-refresh dashboards.

>     - Real-time Scheduled Searches.

Reviewer: this has been deprecated

```suggestion
```
